---
layout: post
title: Project 1
category: HCI project diary
---

## Introduction

Hello world

## Project Description

Imagine that we will have visiting students from the animal kingdom. What may HKUST wish to be more friendly to the animal students?

### Needfinding

- Imagine potential interstellar members on campus, envision:
  1. Possible user characteristics (e.g., form, ability, language, habits, etc.)
  2. Needs/obstacles they might have.
- Consider this to be an extreme version of the existing problems.
- Empathize by exploring newcomers' common needs and challenges on campus by talking to people in the HKUST community before the in-class brainstorming session on Feb 20.
- Feel free to explore the use of AI tools for this process. Form a habit to document your AI usage and key decisions.

### Ideation

- Potential problems with existing entities (in class on Feb 20)
- Combining ideas about (1) and (2) to form a POV.
- Brainstorming potential problems with current facilities, hardware, software, services, etc. on campus
- Document the ideation process via Mindmap
- Credit the AI tool(s) used in the project

### Group Presentation

- Quick overview of the POV-based Mindmap created and focus on one specified user scenario drawn from the brainstorming results as an example.

## Learning and Execution Process

- First, we interviewed the students in the HKUST community to find out their needs and challenges.
- We asked a few questions in the interview:
    1. Where you from ?
    2. During the time when you are inside the campus , do you face any problem or challenge that you consider not user friendly, like current facilities, hardware, software, services, etc. on campus?
    3. What is your favourite animal?
    4. Assuming the animal is a student that is going to visiting HKUST, what problem or challenge you think it will encounter?

- We discussed all the ideas in the interview and identified potential problems.
- After discussion, we picked the food option problem in HKUST.

### Problem Identification

- For animals, they will have different preferences for food. For pandas, they may want to eat bamboo, for tigers, they may want to eat meat, etc.
- We consider this as an extreme version of the existing food problem in HKUST.
- In HKUST, the allergy products are not specified, and students may not know what they can eat and cannot eat.

### Proposed Solution

- Develop a system that can help students filter out the products they are allergic to.
- By tapping the card in the ordering machine, the system will filter out the products they are allergic to.

### Use of AI

- In this project, we used GenAI to help us with the ideation and needfinding process.
- [Link to AI tool usage](https://poe.com/s/XSybo2bJeBpY2mAuW81b)

## Personal Contributions and Achievements

- We took turns interviewing people in the HKUST community and discussing ideas.
- In this project, I interviewed 4 people and tried to find out the existing problems and needs.

## Personal Reflection

- In this project, I learned how to find the potential problems and needs of the students in the HKUST community and how to gather information by interviewing them.



